Docs: Update documentation after introduction of noexcept (#5095)
cython/cython: docs/src/tutorial/clibraries.rst

the hopefully common cases that the return value is not ``0``.  Only
that specific case needs an additional check if the queue is empty.

If the ``peek`` function was a Python function returning a
Python object value, CPython would simply return ``NULL`` internally
instead of a Python object to indicate an exception, which would
immediately be propagated by the surrounding code.  The problem is
that the return type is ``int`` and any ``int`` value is a valid queue
item value, so there is no way to explicitly signal an error to the
calling code.

The only way calling code can deal with this situation is to call
``PyErr_Occurred()`` when returning from a function to check if an
exception was raised, and if so, propagate the exception.  This

> obviously has a performance penalty.  Cython therefore uses a dedicated value
> it should implicitly return in the case of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
obviously has a performance penalty.  Cython therefore uses a dedicated value
that it implicitly returns in the case of an
```
